my name is plum I'm sister zone oh
you're all acquired my mama drama
relative hey JK she's my precious home
[Music]
today flims contain to be Ohio ho third
lane of a bowling alley after crippled
kid's birthday corn cream cheese that's
it mama well then it yourselves prom
done oh god now when I saw plum covering
a bunch of issues this I thought was out
one of two fingers either one she got
bitten by a bunch of spiders like all at
once together like working as a team or
two she gonna been possessed by a demon
now I know this one's impossible because
spiders are not collaborators ever Spira
for themselves
so now I don't know no exorcist but I do
know a man who yells at God Jesus is
coming he's a faggot she bags running
heaven now God's just sitting there on
his Road nanometers big old pussy hey
hey can you help get the devil out of my
little girl
hello I think my little girl swallowed a
gremlin or something and she needs the
help of a holy man like yourself I'll
learn a lot about God God's a fag God
hates fat statues in the devil stuck on
each other's kids dinner then they fuck
each other then they lick the shit off
each other's dicks for dessert
if God is a faggy and God hates faggots
then does God hate herself baby you know
that's just one of them spiritualistic
questions I think I'll never been
answered Baba still itchy I thought
working
hey watch resent my holy water on this
is my guess
[Music]
I found a ham bucket that what happens
when you get bitten by a bunch of spires
all once so as it turns out chicken
balls or something everyone guesses kids
and it got nothing to do with God or
nothing mama watch dog give kids chicken
pies well it's like a man said he's a
faggot
[Music]